Add hardware options section (#17)
music-assistant/beta.music-assistant.io: docs/ui.md

## Player Bar
![image](assets/screenshots/UI-playercontrols-bar.png)

> The codec shown in the UI to the right of the track title is the codec of the original source. MA re-encodes the track to FLAC when it is sent to the player (Unless the force lossy MP3 option is selected in the player settings (only available for some player types)). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The codec shown in the UI to the right of the track title is the codec of the original source. MA decodes all source audio internally to raw PCM, to preserve the highest quality when processing the audio, and then finally send the audio to the player in a lossless format (unless configured otherwise in the player settings).
```

***************************************************************

## Play Button ![image](assets/icons/play-button.png)

The play button is used as a shortcut to play the various items in the UI. It is shown on hover for non-mobile devices or is always in view for mobile devices.  

> Clicking/touching the Play Button will either immediately play the item or show the play menu. To ensure the user doesn't accidentally play on the wrong player, the play menu will show:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking/touching the Play Button will either execute the default play action for the item or show the play menu. To ensure the user doesn't accidentally play on the wrong player, the play menu will show:
```
